Changes to triggers doc (#2063)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/personalization/integrate_recommendation_service.md

## Send emails with recommendations

Email triggers are push messages with recommendations.
With this feature, your organization can invite individual visitors to return to the website or remind them of items abandoned in a cart, for example by sending emails.
Before you can start [using email triggers]([[= user_doc =]]/personalization/triggers), you must contact Ibexa and define specific conditions, for example:

- the time that must pass before emails start being sent

> - content types and attributes that are included in a response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Content Types and attributes that are included in a response
```

## Send emails with recommendations

Email triggers are push messages with recommendations.
With this feature, your organization can invite individual visitors to return to the website or remind them of items abandoned in a cart, for example by sending emails.
Before you can start [using email triggers]([[= user_doc =]]/personalization/triggers), you must contact Ibexa and define specific conditions, for example:

- the time that must pass before emails start being sent
- content types and attributes that are included in a response

> - a number of repetitionsEmail triggers are then processed on the Personalization server and responses are delivered to a dedicated endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a number of repetitions

Email triggers are then processed on the Personalization server and responses are delivered to a dedicated endpoint.
```

missing new line ?

> - a number of repetitionsEmail triggers are then processed on the Personalization server and responses are delivered to a dedicated endpoint.

Reviewer 3: I think it should be this way?
